so much school I thought not
hey Chad LaCount here one day out from
the 2010 USA's it's been about six weeks
since you last saw me did a video in a
college in Chicago since then we have to
talk to you a little bit this year we
added some red meat into the diet to
stay a little fuller a little bigger and
keep the mass on which I believe did
help a lot we're a few pounds heavier
five five to seven pounds heavier and I
believe in better conditions this year
so I should should be a great overall
package this year okay traditionally in
a contest prep we'd go with chicken and
fish throughout the whole sixteen
eighteen weeks this year at around week
nine or ten
we decided throw a little beef into the
mix and we flaming yon once the twice a
day right up to yesterday matter of fact
and I believe it helped keep on sighs
keeping a little fuller a great addition
to the meals because it helped a lot the
city eating the same thing that I've
eaten free eaten for years so I think
helped a lot
cardio we is a little less cardio this
year probably little surprising but it
was only four times the four times a
week twenty minutes in the morning
that's it and so it wasn't much cardio
in but I believe my cardio spot-on a
little better this year even I like to
thank everybody who supports me my
sponsor six star nutrition my wife's
Jennifer or my daughter
my training partner Eric Mason and other
friends and family who travel across the
country to watch me compete